ungit

Copyright Korey Hinton
License: GNU GPL v3, see COPYING file

Make ungit usable from any directory by making it executable and putting it in
your path.

DISCLAIMER:

This is a experimental project and data loss may occur given there is a bug or
some other side effect. Also, make sure your first argument is a path that isn't
contained within the actual repo itself as it would endlessly copy itself.

WHAT IS THIS FOR:

Sometimes it is preferrable to look at different repository versions using the
filesystem rather than through source control. I found there wasn't an easy way
to read the code from the initial commits from a particular project and be able
to easily see when for instance actual code started being added. By copying out
different versions they can exist in the filesystem at the same time and by
removing the .git folders in the copied out folders it ensures that the space it
takes up is minimal, especially if there are only a few files there in the
initial commits.

Despite it's name this is not intended to remove git from a project as that's an
easy "rm -rf .git" command. This is intended to export versions of the original
repository to folders that aren't under source control.


USAGE:

     ungit ../path_outside_repo_tree dir_name_to_create [n]

From within a repository directory issue the ungit command and provide a
desitination path that is outside of the repository's directory tree and the
name of a new directory to be created that will house the copied repository
that will not contains .git.

     ungit ../ ungit-jquery

The above command will copy the repository to ../ungit-jquery/1 since only 1
repository version was exported.

ADVANCED USAGE:

You can also pipe from git log to produce several versions of said directory. Be
careful though as every commit listed in the git log will be produced unless you
specify otherwise

    git log | ungit ../ ungit-react

You can also only do n-amount of commits by providing an additional argument

    # ungit 5 most recent commits
    git log | ungit ../ ungit-angular 5

Additionally you can filter the git log command directly to also specify which
versions to produce.

    # ungit the 5 oldest/initial commits
    git log --reverse --all | ungit ../ ungit-vue